**Meeting group 10**

Do not hesitate to change any element that you want, or is incorrect.

*Data gathering*

The file https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1puYoO-ULPu_AuEGKgHeI1L0y7RUlUvbCGty5o-1g_TU/edit#gid=0 contains names of bad people in the sheet "OFAC SDNs": these are associated to urls (first column) that help in searching for urls on negative news (Sebastien used some of the names between lines 0 and 2000). An alternative method is to go to a news website (like bbc.com) and search on the website with keywords like "money laundering", "murder", "corruption", ...
A negative news url must contain text about only one topic, so that it is easy to extract the article's text from the page.
A non-negative news url is defined as an article that does not say bad things about the subject of the article. A non negative news url is not necessarily about the same persons as the negative news urls (it can be about other individuals/companies). Very interesting non-negative news urls are articles that use similar vocabulary as negative news, but without being negative about the subject of the article (like an article stating that Colombia is increasing the fight against drug cartels, which would be a non-negative news).

*Preprocessing*

Oskar will take our urls, and extract the text of the article from it. e don't have to do this. This step is necessary for further work, hence we have to wait for Oskar before using the data.

*Programming*

The programming will be in Python.

The easiest option is to analyze the frequency of the words in the articles and detect negative words (interesting as comparison with other models).

Shakshi will convert the texts of the articles into numeric data that can be used as model input. From this, several models can be tried:
- possibly reduce input dimension with PCA (to see)
- RandomForest
- Ensemble
- KNN

Second types of models (deep leaning):
- LSTM
- RNN

*Internediary presentation*

An email was received this morning (Piazza message), stating that the intermediary presentation would take place on Monday 16th. Carel is confirming this date. It will last 5 minutes, during which we will present the data collected and state what we plan to do next.
